I don't want to die, somebody
save me, please, please!
No.
--Don't do this!
--[Chiyo screaming and crying]
I wanna go home!
Can't anybody help?
--She's just a little girl!
--[Chiyo screaming and crying]
Make him stop this!
[tense music]
[Mirai growling]
Don't do it, you two!
[both gasping]
Stay right where you are!
--[Chiyo screaming and crying]
--[Mirai] Nasse?
--[camera clicking]
[opening theme music]
[Jami] Please,
won't anybody help?
You don't want to rush
into this without a plan.
You'd be exposed
as a God candidate.
Listen, Mirai.
We have to be careful.
She's right.
--[Mirai sighing]
--[Chiyo screaming and crying]
[Mirai] But if we don't
help her, she won't make it.
Wait, though.
If she fails to lure
out any God candidates,
he won't kill her
right here and now.
At the very least, she's
his ally for 33 days.
Well now, what's this?
Another angel, huh?
Not who I was looking
for, but that's okay.
You're pretty cute.
I wonder who you belong to.
I've gotta say, though,
my own angel is sexier.
You should know
you're not gonna be
luring out any more God
candidates with that girl.
Then she's of no
further use to me.
[Arrow humming]
[Chiyo grunting]
--[body thudding]
--[cuffs rattling]
What happened?
She collapsed all of a sudden.
[Woman] She's not moving.
[Demakawa] Unbelievable.
Did he just kill that
girl using his Metropon?
[Man] I feel sick.
How disappointing.
My goal there was to reduce
the number of candidates
by at least one.
Hey, just between you and me,
what exactly do you
mean by disappointing?
As long as it's not
my own God candidate
who's been eliminated,
I barely feel anything
when humans die.
Although I must admit,
I think your death
would please me greatly.
I guess that makes sense.
You want your own
candidate to become God.
In that case, you
should be thanking me
for taking these three
out of the running.
Truth of the matter is,
I don't care if my candidate
becomes God or not.
I just want him to be happy.
You're not making any sense.
Man, you angels are so weird.
[Nasse giggling]
And you're standing in
the way of that happiness.
Nasse...
What are you doing?
Gee, that's tough.
But regardless, the next
God is going to be me.
--Nah, totally not happening.
--Huh?
Truth is, if you get close,
I'll have my partner kill you.
So even though you're
all cute and childlike,
you're special-rank?
Maybe it's my cuteness
that makes me so special.
What do you think?
All God candidates!
It's time for you to go home!
Blend in with the people
leaving and act normal.
Let's go, Mirai.
[Mirai sighing]
See you later, Mr. Metropoliman!
Gotta fly!
Now, then.
Hand over those
Wings and that Arrow.
[rings clanging]
Eight to go.
[rain pattering]
I couldn't do a damn thing.
The responsibility lies with us.
We angels stopped you.
Mirai, don't feel guilty
over what happened.
It wasn't your fault at all.
But I just hate
that Metropoliman.
I never knew Saki was
capable of hating people.
By now, it must be clear
that the three
people he murdered
were law-abiding citizens.
The police will get involved.
So will the police be
able to arrest him?
[Revel humming negatively]
They wouldn't even
have a chance.
Don't forget, he's
got Wings and Arrows.
And on top of that, he'd
be able to outsmart them.
Are we left with killing him?
--[Nasse gasping]
--[Saki Gasping]
It'd be impossible.
I'm not capable.
I just couldn't.
I'm not even capable
of hating anyone.
[Akira grunting]
--[body thudding]
--[Akira crying]
[Mirai's Mom] Oh, are
you all right, dear?
Are you having fun, Mirai?
Of course, Dad.
You guys are the best.
Nothing in the world is more
important than family time.
You're right.
I discovered I'm at my happiest
when I get to spend my
days off with you guys.
[Akira crying]
[Mirai] Dad?
[Mirai's dad humming
questioningly]
You know how mom always says
all people are born
to find happiness?
You think that's true?
Oh, she just says
that out of habit.
Don't worry about it.
That's not what I meant.
It's just, I'm happy now,
but how in the world can
I stay happy forever?
I can't figure out how to make
everyone else around me happy.
How to stay happy
forever, you say?
Well, the first step
is to convince yourself
that you're happy.
You have to convince yourself?
That's a silly answer.
You think so?
I was pretty serious.
That wouldn't make
everyone happy.
And anyway, sometimes you
can't convince yourself
that you're happy.
[Mirai's Dad] Mirai, tell me.
What is the worst thing
you think a person can do?
That's a hard one.
Murder?
[Mirai's dad laughing]
Yeah, I'd say that's
definitely not okay.
But that's pretty obvious,
I mean, there are laws
against that kind of thing.
I'm talking about something
you should you never do,
even though there's
no law against it.
I don't know, Dad, what is it?
I think the worst thing a
person can do in this world
is to hate another person.
Nothing good ever comes of it.
It's no good for your
own mind, of course,
and it's no good
for others, either.
[Mirai sighing]
[kids giggling]
[Akira] Who wants to go first?
You know things 'cause
you're an adult, Dad.
What do you mean?
You told me I
shouldn't kill people,
and more important than that,
I shouldn't hate them, either.
Am I right?
I feel like hearing
that made me grow up.
Oh, you're all grown up?
That was quick.
[both laughing]
Well, I'm glad you understand.
Because it's simple to say,
but extremely hard to do.
Seems like we've been
saying it for years.
If we could just
stop hating others,
there'd be fewer
wars and conflicts.
And that would mean fewer
sad and disappointed people.
Maybe then, we'd get
closer to everyone
being as happy as your
mom says they want to be.
Listen up, Mirai.
No one's telling you
to kill Metropoliman.
We're just saying
things won't improve
if you leave them as they are.
[Nasse] What Revel is proposing
isn't going to
change Mirai's mind.
He doesn't believe
killing someone
can set him on the
road to happiness.
And nothing we say to him
is going to convince
him otherwise.
[Saki sighing]
We need allies.
[Revel humming questioningly]
After today, most God candidates
are probably scared to
death of Metropoliman.
So maybe we could do what
Metro Blue was proposing.
How about joining
forces with some of the
remaining candidates,
for mutual protection?
Sounds like a pretty
good plan to me.
[all gasping]
Saki!
--Get behind me!
--[hand thumping]
[Mirai gasping]
Is that a God candidate?
[Man] Go ahead and shoot
me with a Red Arrow.
It'll prove to you that
I'm not being controlled.
And then you'll be
able to command me
to tell you everything
that I'm really thinking.
--[fist thumping]
--Shoot me!
Why are you waiting?
What if I'm being
controlled by Metropoliman?
He's got a point.
Just a minute.
I don't think you really
need to shoot him.
And actually, it would be
much better if you didn't.
This person isn't trying
to lie to you, right?
[Man gasping]
[rain pattering]
[intense musical sting]
[Revel] If Nasse
says he isn't lying,
then believe me, he isn't.
That being the case,
like Nasse says,
it's better not to shoot him.
Shooting him would force
him to tell us the truth,
but in the end, he'd
also just conform
to whatever we say or do.
I believe Nasse's
telling the truth.
So do I.
I appreciate it.
I don't have a lot of time left.
What do you mean by
not a lot of time left?
[sighs] I have
late-stage cancer.
That's what.
[both gasping]
It's spread everywhere,
and it's terminal.
The doctors told me I
had three months to live.
And then, almost exactly
three months later,
an angel appeared before me.
I was absolutely
certain it had come
to escort me to the afterlife.
You mean you didn't come
here to take me away?
Not really.
But it sounds like you've
lost all hope to live.
I'm done.
The truth is,
for better or worse, I've
reached the end of my life.
All humans die eventually.
There's no escape.
I understand.
However, I read once
in an ancient tome
that those who have had
their lives taken from them
and have accepted death
can become even stronger
than those who have
lost all hope to live.
What are you saying?
I'm suggesting to you
that I can give you
another shot at life.
[Man gasping]
If you become God before
you succumb to your illness,
your life will be saved.
In fact, you'll live for
thousands of years after that.
I have a family, you know.
My greatest concern is
what will happen to them
in the future.
With a wife and child,
and another on the way,
I'd have a chance to provide
for them their whole lives.
[Man breathing shakily]
[Man sobbing]
I jumped at the chance.
But I found out it wasn't
as easy as it sounded.
They have 999 days to choose
one of the 13 candidates
to become God.
And now you have Metropoliman
eliminating the competition.
It would be a miracle
if I lasted 999 days.
There's no way I'm getting
chosen while I'm still alive,
so I decided to stop
getting treatment.
Instead, I started plotting
what I could accomplish
with my Wings and Arrow.
That's when I came
up with a plan.
I used my Red Arrow
on rich people
and had them give me
over 200 million yen
to pass on to the wife and
children I'd be leaving behind.
A thief like me doesn't deserve
to be the Supreme Being.
A selfish man who only thinks
of himself shouldn't be God.
Hey, that's not true at all!
In fact, that's the right way
to use your Wings and Arrow.
You just want your family
to be safe and happy.
Why is that wrong?
Well, wrong or not, what
I did has consequences.
I stole that money
in exchange for
giving up the chance
to become God.
After that, I started
thinking about what I could do
while I was still alive
to ensure the future
happiness of my children.
The most urgent
thing is to make sure
a monster like Metropoliman
never becomes God.
To prevent a disaster
like that from happening,
I'm trying to meet as many
God candidates as possible
and form an alliance
with them to defeat him.
To that end, I'm determined
to identify each of them
and decide which one is
worthy of becoming God.
To find the other candidates,
I shot private eyes and
psychologists with Red Arrows
until I hit the 14 person limit.
I then sent them to the stadium.
They reported back that
a few people behaved
like they could see
Angels and Arrows.
Mirai Kakehashi.
Saki Hanakago.
You could see them.
[both gasping]
Now that I've taken
myself out of the running,
I can look at others with
a clear and impartial eye.
When I saw the pictures of
you in that report, I thought,
"These two are good."
[both gasping]
So let me ask.
Are either of you
intent on becoming God?
[Mirai gasping]
[Saki gasping]
No, I don't really want the job.
Neither do I.
[Mukaido humming in approval]
I hear you both.
That's good.
I can't imagine any decent
person wanting to become God.
I'm willing to help you,
but only if you agree
to one condition.
And what's that?
You'd have to continue
your treatments.
Fight to the end.
Don't give up on life.
[Man gasping]
I think it's selfish of you
to say you're okay with dying.
Consider the feelings of the
family you'll leave behind.
--Okay, I agree.
--[Mirai gasping]
Bottom line, I want to live as
many days as I possibly can.
Right!
[rain pattering]
[Arrow humming]
What's the most effective way
to use these three
Wings and Arrows?
Red Arrows don't allow you
to tell someone to
kill themselves.
You can't tell someone
to commit murder, either.
That means I have
to be very careful
in my use of the White Arrow.
It's the only thing I have
that can kill someone else.
However, what if someone starts
out urgently wanting to die?
Or even wanting to kill someone?
[Man] My Angel's name is Baret.
She's also known as
the Angel of Knowledge.
--Baret?
--An educated angel.
One that has acquired all
the knowledge of the heavens
from angels, God,
and personal history.
But also, who was demoted from
special-rank to first-rank
for constantly flaunting
that knowledge.
From his boasts, I think
Metropoliman's angel is Meyza.
I've gotta say, though,
my own angel is sexier.
He was proud of that.
[Mukaido] Meyza, known
as the Angel of Greed.
According to Baret,
Meyza shot from unranked
to special-rank.
She has no idea exactly
how that happened.
By the way, could you
tell us your name?
Oh, didn't I
introduce myself yet?
No.
I must've gotten distracted.
Sorry, My name is
Nanato Mukaido.
I work for a large
clothing company
where I'm in charge of
planning new products.
Or I used to, before I got sick.
When you say "plan," are you
saying you design clothes?
[Mukaido] That's right.
Take a look.
[Saki] Oh, what are these?
[Mukaido] Costume ideas.
They're for protection.
We should conceal our
identities, like Metropoliman.
If we're gonna take this guy on,
we need to be
ready for anything.
And these suits are
designed for that.
[both chuckling]
Let's hold another
strategy meeting tomorrow.
If I don't show up, you
can assume I'm dead.
See, there you go again.
I'm just joking.
See you later.
[wings flapping]
[Saki] He's an odd person.
Yeah, but it seems like
he might be dependable.
The strongest ones among us
are those who are
prepared to die.
Those who are prepared to die.
[birds chirping]
[bell ringing]
[Teacher] That's it
for today, everyone.
[bell ringing]
See you all tomorrow.
--[students chattering]
--Kanade!
[Kanade humming questioningly]
Wanna do some
babe-watching again?
I suppose.
Do you have some place in mind?
Let's go check out the
middle school today!
Being the chairman of
the board's grandson,
you get to go wherever you like.
[arrow thudding]
[Sayuri sighing]
Oh, man, Sayuri's so cute.
She's three years younger
than us, isn't she?
[Kanade] Girls her
age are the prettiest.
Their bodies and minds are pure.
Well, still, I wish I
could date a girl like her.
Listen, if you'd
be willing to die
in order to sleep with her,
I could make her fall
head over heels for you.
[Minamikawa] Seriously?
Here's the catch.
You'd definitely die for
real after the experience.
That's a little extreme.
--[bow twanging]
--[arrow thudding]
[Sayuri gasping]
[Kanade humming thoughtfully]
[Kanade] Minamikawa, if you
could have any wish come true,
anything at all, what
would you wish for?
Seriously, anything at all?
Uh...
I guess it'd be money.
I'd wanna be obscenely rich.
--[Kanade] Wrong answer.
--Excuse me?
Think bigger.
Something that would
affect the whole world.
[Minamikawa] Well then,
how about getting rid of
all the nuclear
weapons on the planet?
[Kanade] All right,
that's more like it.
Oh yeah, and I'd wish for
all ugly girls to disappear.
Huh?
I approve of those wishes.
[Minamikawa] One other thing.
I'd wish for all men
more handsome than me
to disappear as well.
That's no good.
That would kill me.
Oh yeah, sorry.
Tell me, Kanade.
What is it you'd wish for?
[Kanade] Well, let's see.
Not for something that
could realistically happen,
like someone dying.
If I could have
any wish granted,
I'd want something unimaginable.
[wind howling]
Something like
bringing back the dead.
Your little sister?
[wind howling]
What?
Aw, man, they all left.
[footsteps tapping]
--[hand tapping]
--[wind howling]
In archery, there
are close-range
and long-range targets.
Close-range ones
are 28 meters away
and long-range ones
are 60 meters away.
Did you know that?
Huh?
[Kanade] The Arrow's
range is 31.6 meters.
Targets farther than
that are a problem.
[Arrows clanging]
By merging two Arrows, I
can easily reach 60 meters.
If I combine three, I
could reach over 90.
[Minamikawa] What are
you doing out there?
Nothing.
Let's go.
[machinery humming]
[wings flapping]
[footsteps tapping]
--[lights clicking]
--[Kanade sighing]
[footsteps tapping]
I brought flowers.
Happy birthday.
[Mukaido] Our priority
is contacting this boy.
He's the other God candidate
I found that the stadium.
[both gasping]
Unfortunately, he flew away and
I wasn't able to follow him.
[Saki] Minus
Metropoliman and us,
plus the ones he's eliminated,
there should be five
God candidates left.
[Mirai] One is that
boy in the photo,
so there are four left to find.
[Mukaido] We should
watch for people
who suddenly come into wealth
or become popular
in an unnatural way.
If you come across
someone who exhibits
any other signs of
unusual behavior,
it's highly likely
they'll be God candidates.
--[TV ringing]
--Huh?
[Reporter] However,
police say the driver
-remains a person of interest,
-[Mirai] What's going on?
[Mirai] Isn't that that
the girl who killed
three of her classmates
two years ago?
[Reporter] We have
this breaking news.
What's believed to be a
declaration of criminal intent
written by fugitive Girl A has
been released to the public.
The note reads-
[Saki] What is this?
What did I just say?
Unusual behavior.
How did that girl escape?
She even left a note.
[Reporter] According to the
TMPD, Girl A was being held-
Wings and Arrows.
Can they be given to humans
who aren't God candidates?
Yes.
But only with conditions.
Metropoliman could have
given them to that girl?
Yeah, but weren't her three
earlier murder victims
stabbed to death with a knife?
Hey, if she's gotten
hold of a knife,
she won't need a White Arrow.
And if she now has Wings,
she can kidnap anybody
and it will be nearly
impossible to catch her.
--[crow calling]
--[wings flapping]
--[flesh squishing]
--[crow calling]
[Misurin] Eeny,
meeny, miny, moe.
Catch a rabbit by its toe.
--[Arrow crackling]
--[girl gasping]
Wow, they hit 100% of the time!
[giggles] This is gonna be fun!
[intense musical sting]